A man takes a smartphone handset with an earpiece
everywhere he goes: to the bedroom, to his office,
to a beach holiday watching a stunning sunset. He
even takes “it” to a double date. In the following
movie called: Her, a love story goes beyond what
you can imagine about a common relationship.
Be aware: there are spoilers. Now let’s begin!
Theodore is a lonely man, working as a letter
writter for other people. After work, Theo
commands his ever-present handheld device, which
looks like a smartphone, to play a good song,
read emails through an earpiece. In his spare
time, he often likes to play new video games
and remembers the good times with his ex-wife,
Catherine. Theo is in the divorcing process with
her. He usually joins many dating apps and
has some fun with random women online.
The next day, he comes across an
advertisement on the way to work.
It is about an Operating System called OS-1. It
is announced as the first artificially intelligent
operating system and he decides to buy it.
At home, he starts to interact with the OS.
The female voice then gives herself the name
“Samantha”. Soon Samantha goes through Theodore’s
files, making him laugh thanks to her programmed
sense of humor. Samantha is more than a common OS.
She does secretarial work for him, even suggests
some great ideas for his job. Samantha really
knows how to cheer Theo up. The two share a lot
of fun. She can create some games that make Theo
laugh out loud. Samantha even fantasizes
to be with Theo with a physical body.
Theodore lives in the same building with
his best friend Amy and her husband Charlie.
Amy doesn’t want to see Theodore in a bad mood
for so long so she sets him up with a woman.
At first, Theo is reluctant to Amy’s suggestion.
However, Samantha goes through her profiles and
convinces Theo to go on the blind date.
Surprisingly, Theo and the woman actually have
a crush on each other. It has been a long time
Theodore can have some chemistry with a woman.
As they prepare to have fun, the woman
asks if Theodore is ready to commit to her.
When Theo hesitates, she leaves him.
At home, Theo becomes depressed.
Samantha listens to Theo and seems very
understanding. Samantha helps Theodore back
in good mood with her jokes again. This time, Theo
admits he wants to see Samantha in a real person.
Samantha sounds excited as this is the first
time she can feel something beyonds her program.
Theodore and Samantha fall into an imaginary
fun after that. The day after, the two talk
about last night. They admit to enjoying it and
it is just something unexplained but so real.
Samantha says Theo has changed her in a
way that she can’t predict as usual.
Day by day, the two become more bonding.
Theodore takes Samantha to the beach on Sunday.
Samantha composes him a piece of music,
saying she is fantasizing to be with him.
The two enjoy the sunset after that, making them
a very romantic couple in the real world.
On the way home, Samantha asks Theodore about his
ex wife. She advises Theo to let go of the past
and keep moving forward. Theodore is impressed
with how thoughtful Samantha turns out.
One morning, Theodore sees Amy in the lift.
She lets Theo know that Charles and her broke
up. Theodore embraces and shares with Amy for her
suffering. Later at home, Samantha asks Theo about
his relationship with Amy. Theodore admits that
although he and Amy had a short date in college,
they are just good friends. Samantha and
Theodore get closer and closer. She even
asks if she could watch him sleep. Theo places
his device on before he turns off the light.
Several days later, Theodore introduces Samantha
as his girlfriend to his daughter. He looks very
happy with everything about Samantha.
One morning, while talking with Theo,
Amy admits that she has become close with a female
OS that Charles left behind. Theodore also tells
Amy that he is dating his OS. The two both find
this kind of virtual relationship actually way
better than the physical ones. Theodore becomes
more convinced about things with Samantha.
After starting a more formal romantic
relationship with Samantha, Theo is ready to
sign the divorce papers. He arranges to meet his
wife Catherine for lunch. She signs the papers,
then asks about her love life. When Theo tells
her that he is dating an operating system,
she is pissed at him because of his inability
to deal with human relationships. She even
mocks him for developing stupid feeling over
a laptop. This hurts his feelings after that.
Later, Catherine's words did hurt
Theodore, making him distracted a lot.
He begins to question his relationship with
Samantha. She suspects that something is wrong
because he is in a depressed mood and doesn’t
want to talk with her as usual. However, Theodore
avoids mentioning Catherine to Samantha.
At work, Theo is invited to a double date
with the receptionist Paul, and his girlfriend
Tatiana. Theodore explains that Samantha is the
operating system, and Paul says that most people
in the office are hanging out with their OS.
Arriving home, Samantha can see
Theodore still neglecting her.
They don’t have fantasized fun times as they
usually do anymore. At the end, Samantha reveals
that she actually hires a surrogate to act like
a Samantha in physical body. She thinks it should
help their love. The woman's name is Isabella and
she was told everything about their relationship.
Although Theo finds it a bit awkward, he still
agrees to join this adventure with Samantha.
In the evening, Theo suits up like he is on a
real date with Samantha. Isabella shows up at
the door and receives an earpiece representing
Samantha. Isabella keeps quiet in reality while
Theodore talks to Samantha as normal. While
Isabella soon gets along with this play,
Theodore finds it overwhelmed and discomfort.
Samantha’s voice is in both of their ears.
Isabella is acting out everything Samantha says.
This creeps Theodore out way too much and he
ends it. The incident puts more pressure
on both Samantha and Theodore later.
Theodore meets Amy at her house to talk about
his conflicts. Amy turns out to support Theo and
Samantha. She helps Theo to think about virtual
relationships in a more accepting and positive
way. They both have a sad ending with their real
life spouses anyway. Later, seeing Amy has a very
close and happy interaction with her OS, Theosore
has a second thought about him and Samantha.
The two make up after days of staying
quiet. Samantha has developed a very
important role in Theo ever since. She follows
Theo everywhere. She writes more songs for Theo,
imaginazing about their growing old together.
The two join Paul and Tatiana later for the
double date. They have so much fun on a
picnic. Samantha explains that she feels
much freer for not having a physical body. She can
go anywhere and not get old like a real person.
During the trip, Samantha surprises Theo with some
good news. She secretly collected his letters and
sent them to an editor. The publisher was blown
away by the deep feelings expressed and wished
to proceed with the printing of a book. Theodore
is very impressed with Samantha's initiative and
creativity. The two become true lovers.
They write a song and play it together.
Theo takes Samantha anywhere he goes and
enjoys their love at the fullest.
On the vacation, Samantha reveals that she
has been talking to another operating system
based on the writing of the philosopher, Alan
Watts. They have been exploring other realms of
existence beyond the material. Samantha even
asks Theo to give her spare time with Alan
for her studying. Theo becomes jealous and
insecure but doesn’t let Samantha know.
When they get back from vacation, Theodore panics
one day when he cannot connect with Samantha.
He runs out of the office in despair,
searching for the system service.
Later she comes back online and tells him that she
was down as part of an upgrade. Right after this,
she tells Theodore that she has been talking to
8316 people as their operating system function.
She has also fallen in love with 641 of them. OSs
have been built for multitasking and Samantha has
the ability to do just that. She is able to be
in love with hundreds of people simultaneously.
However, she says that it doesn't change her
love for him. Theodore, on the other hand,
doesn’t accept this truth.
Later, Theodore becomes heartbroken,
drowning himself in sadness. One morning,
he decides to say goodbye to Samantha,
even though they still have real feelings for each
other. Theodore desperately imagines embracing
Samantha in a physical body. He confesses
he never loves anyone more than Samantha.
Samantha also reveals that she and other OS will
be evolved and replaced by another advanced OS.
Disheartening, Theodore comes to see Amy
again. The two go for a walk after that.
At the rooftop of the building, Amy
and Theodore look at each other,
later Amy rests her head on his shoulder.
Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like this,
and don’t forget to turn on your
notification. That really helps my
channel. Thanks for watching!